Open_Source_Indicator_Enrichment_with_Teams (#106)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Open_Source_Indicator_Enrichment_with_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

> Look up and enrich URLs, IP addresses, and hashes directly from Microsoft Teams using open source threat intelligence tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lookup and enrich URLs, IP addresses, and hashes directly from Microsoft Teams using open source threat intelligence tools
```

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.
Once the workflow has been imported, each Microsoft Teams step will need the team name and channel name updated to suit your Teams environment (edit the input with the preset text of `change_me`).
To run the workflow, send the command `!investigate <command> <data>` in your configured team and channel. The workflow will post after it has completed.
In the Team and chanel inputs replace `change_me` with the appropriate team and channel.

To run the workflow, in the configured channel enter the command `!investigate <command> <data>`.
 Example: `!investigate ip 8.8.8.8`

Alternatively, use `!investigate help` for more information and examples. The workflow will post with the results of the lookup.

## Technical Details

Plugins utilized by workflow:

|Plugin|Version|Count|
|----|----|--------|
|Dig|1.0.3|1|
|Team Cymru MHR|1.0.3|1|
|Microsoft Teams|2.0.2|6|
|WHOIS|1.0.7|2|

## Troubleshooting

> In some instances using copy & paste for `!investigate` commands many introduce unicode characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some instances using copy & paste for `!investigate` commands may introduce unicode characters.
```

## Setup

Once the workflow has been downloaded, login to InsightConnect and "Import" it into the workflow builder.
After import, you will initially be prompted to configure the connection for Microsoft Teams.
You will then need to configure the Microsoft Teams trigger and actions.
In the Team and chanel inputs replace `change_me` with the appropriate team and channel.

To run the workflow, in the configured channel enter the command `!investigate <command> <data>`.

>  Example: `!investigate ip 8.8.8.8`

Reviewer: Replace those lines with the following standardized messaging:
```
Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

Once the workflow has been imported, each Microsoft Teams step will need the team name and channel name updated to suit your Teams environment (edit the input with the preset text of `change_me`).

To run the workflow, send the command `!investigate <command> <data>` in your configured team and channel. The workflow will post after it has completed.
```
